W-15193836-rtf-toc-reorganization-kt (#1254)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/setting-up-rtfctl.adoc

= Setting Up RTFCTL

> The following topics helps you to enable `rtfctl` Kubernetes permissions and install `rtfctl` command line tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following topics help you enable `rtfctl` Kubernetes permissions and install the `rtfctl` command line tool.
```

* xref:rtfctl-permissions.adoc[Enabling RTFCTL Kubernetes Permissions] +
Enable specific role permissions over Kubernetes resources to successfully run `rtfctl` commands.

* xref:install-rtfctl.adoc#install-rtfctl[Installing RTFCTL Tool] +

> Install `rtfctl` command line tool to locally manage Runtime Fabrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the `rtfctl` command line tool to locally manage Runtime Fabrics.
```
